 according to the in 1884, the number of british persons who had to pay a tax rate of 832, or seven of them, had to be paid.
 it is not relevant to insert the convention into the convention or into national law. if the provisions of article 4 are subject to the provisions of article 4.
 in both foreign and foreign countries, the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was well known.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment register upon completion of the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step of the phase ii methodology calls for the establishment of grade-level positions as a basis for remuneration.
 and according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, prices for each of these attractions may continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of shopping malls and street market stalls has reached the peak in 5 years.
 peace-keeping situations are most difficult to predict, because the assumptions predicted at any time in the annual year are likely to occur.
 it is necessary to look into the countrys intentions, not to the form of instruments.
 a spokesman of israel said that his long term the occupying forces had to stay in his long term.
 some of us are of the view that this action would not have been lenient if the conduct of an open and transparent consultations from the very beginning.
 this is extremely useful to member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the association for namibian family planning was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization in reproductive health.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in their countries.
 it concluded with the power of the international treaty, therefore, legally and in fact a subject matter of international law.
 while activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore important that the investigation and pursuit of facts must be disclosed.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who comply with the law and the international community are the post of the united nations security council's decisions and actions.
 the parents are unable to do so, and it can be entirely pushed on to school and teachers.
 " it is now very happy that one country, two systems, two systems, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 i have on my list of speakers inscribed on my list of speakers, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21 and other representatives of china.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market competition and maintains both the sales of those in sales.
 we explore the strengthening of united nations controls that should be guided by a thorough analysis with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by the election committee.
 if a piece of power is used, the person must pay care to prevent the installation of the device to use that device.
 the country has also established international e-business networks and was successfully carried out in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate in 1996 was revised from 4.9% to 5.0 per cent in real terms.
 following the first visit to visit, the queen's and edinburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile raised the strongest possible protest against the detonation of a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated at paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not in principle in principle.
 such a decision should be made by the president of the general assembly, in consultation with the chairman of the regional group.
 the long-standing problems of the economies of the countries of the republic of belarus led to the government of the republic of belarus the government of the republic of belarus the government of the republic of belarus and ukraine.
 member, a group of members of the united states trade organization (wto) in india and the united states of america.
 the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of the warmth of mr wong.
 however, the committee points out that the services of the country were not good.
 the constitution referred to in article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that those who wish to make use should be registered to the relevant banks.
 mr tsang also thanked the marine department, who finally assisted in the construction of bases at the construction of the ship brigade.
 okay, let's continue to look after other news.
 at the same time, a number of solutions regarding these groups are in need of political conditions.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warning was at 10.30 am at 10.30 am, and the situation in hong kong is gradually returning to normal.
 this is due to the fact that the draft draft prepared for the conference is incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 we believe that, in our view, the indonesian authorities would really wish to resolve them.
 the official language of the conference includes english, french, french and spanish, this year of romanian language.
 compared with the transactions carried out with local transactions, the percentage of local financial institutions and non-financial customers accounted for more than 22% and 10% of local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singleton hostels in areas of a number of bedspace apartments.
 it is crucial to find that the multilateral co-operation will be feasible in the future.
 the culprits were arrested and convicted.
 concern was expressed for the relief of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the public prosecutor has filed a verdict of appeal on this subject. therefore, the chamber was released to france.
 the trend towards economic slowdown in those countries has adversely affected the economic progress of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability.
 one week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries entered the world through the united nations and to communicate with the north, and the north east.
 3, special emphasis is given to local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a crucial role in promoting the development efforts of ict to the development efforts of the developing countries.
 " don't know about the swords law. "
 (15) the international perspectives in the context of words and ideas.
 a 2-month terrorist attack took place since the terrorist attacks on 11 september.
 chinese ministry of agriculture in china said that china's control of the high-controlled avian flu has been quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces in the united nations peacekeeping force could prevent the possibility of preventing the violent conflict.
 at this critical moment, the alliances against terror must clearly confirm and recognize their enemy.
 i am very hoping that the administration can adopt a dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker, on behalf of the african group, applauds the efforts of the african group to respond to the evaluation proposals.
 the chinese government intends to present a final plan at the beginning of next year and 13 coal " bases in the country.
 on the eve of the coming of keelung river, the old town of keelung is now on the path of modernization.
 as part of the daily supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card credit card.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university of universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state or government or by the state party concerned.
 the contents of the publication are rich in the social and economic spheres of public interest in the social and economic spheres.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrated their tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent category of membership of the council.
 in a six-month period of issue, customers can pick up the purchase purchases within six months after issue.
 the secretary for education and other education department, mr peter lai, will have the deputy secretary for education and other emblem.
 in 1971, hong kong's relationship has become a member of the cultural foundation.
 it is not easy for the electors to determine what the impacts of electors and candidates may have the impact on the judges.
 the south pacific states of the united nations have announced its intention to resume nuclear tests in the pacific nuclear tests.
 the graduation age is 15 years 9 months.
 the cost of service is $ 20 each. "
 bulldozers were pushed down by bulldozers, and in many cases there were even residents.
 these actions may be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peace-keepers and the public.
 in fact, i go to belgium to contact the relevant persons associated with the european parliament.
 at the present time, there is a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and peace.
 this type of investigation can help to identify genuine responsibility for the damage caused by space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the joint chairman at the 1st meeting at the 1st meeting.
 the committee affirms the need to establish the process of nation-building, to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate creation of such a body.
 palestinian residents and residences were subjected to destruction and army arrived at the scene.
 the composition of the language structure is more tight, and the content is even greater.
 this continued unsustainable prices, not only the people, but also attracted the attention of government departments and scholars.
 he would probably take a look at the heart.
 we have no doubt about the valuable views of those who have professional knowledge about the professional knowledge of these political institutions.
 as the saying goes, " it's the right thing to do. "
 it is expected that the large country party will be able to speed up the internal explosions of the democratic party of the new millennium.
 at the end of the day, before the end of the day, the lighter, the lighter, is like a " robber ".
 mainlanders are optimistic about the tourism industry in taiwan, and local operators are optimistic about it.
 the most common aspects of the functionality of functionality are both navigational and territorial sea, a zone of exclusive economic zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public that they should make a report to the police if they might suspected to be alert.
 margaret chan, who was officially elected director-general of the world, became the first chinese who served as a hand in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the light of the international convention, the international court of justice is enforceable in accordance with international court's domestic law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948 marked a new era in relation to development.
 the committee commends the extensive human rights of human rights, in particular the human rights of womens human rights.
 er, it has been published in the world without white cachots.
 the principle of non-discrimination has therefore become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the historical process in celebration of a historical process, and the process over two years ago was beginning to start in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of browsers from april from april has increased significantly from april to 60000.
 no such occurrences have been found in the pre-war case or the present case.
 the state party may wish to dispose of the problem in the near future.
 the accomplishments of the work of the nuclear score must depend on the capacities and the mode of the committee.
 the letter of authorisation for registration must be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has already signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as members of the public are aware, " quality " does not mean that we do not mean that " quantity " is not important.
 it was widely felt by the national assembly that the international community has no action to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the demands of users is to assess the damage caused by floods on crops and infrastructure.
 therefore, the government will have to advance in advance co-operation between the two exchanges and clearing houses in hong kong.
 regarding the mano river union, regional offices must assist executive ministers in the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the minimum and maximum level of criminality, such as killings, explosions, trunks and so on.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by genuine firearms.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for analysing care homes, the applicant can be divided into three groups.
 this is one of the major causes of the spread of aids.
 for example, the automotive life of a modern car was the product of modernization.
 this will make it possible to ensure harmony in peace and harmony, and to foster the development of different national and cultural development.
 in respect of food prices, i do not know what the chinese businessmen are going to do.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production films to make hong kong a business center in the near future.
 i think all people will understand that, in the past 17 years, the whole sense of celebration rests with membership.
 in the case of good personalities, the symptoms are mainly marginal.
 the coordination of issues related to the work of the united nations and the relevant united nations bodies is also appropriate.
 in the face of marketing products, parents are much more inclined to choose a " product " in the market.
 it would certainly be very serious if the more double-digit number is available.
 for those vietnamese and lao persons, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system had been working well in 1999 and much improved than before.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial to maintaining a moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that the freedom of travel and freedom of movement of hong kong residents shall be free.
 it was also considered that this might form a precedent that resulted in the issue of notifying all types of vessels to be issued.
 right.
 as the government is aware of the question, he also heard a legal opinion, but the government never let us know openly the legal opinions.
 as at end august 1997, 34 china state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong.
 the air and land-based assets of monuc have been transported to goma for more than 30 tons of aid.
 the board expressed its appreciation of the challenges brought by globalization and new technologies to implement the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between women and men reflected the difference in working life.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade in egypt before opening up the borders of 1994.
 madam president, the processions of the people of hong kong are not very often political expectations.
 delays affecting the credibility of some interviews could be affected.
 14. recently, private sector companies and foundations were marked by a marked increase in the interest of the global 11-level united nations-1.
 i do not have any other comments <unk>
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of which is to naturalized israelis.
 in view of the time constraint, i have failed to do so.
 it is a matter of concern that the recent developments in recent years would not help hong kong's early resolution of this problem.
 modelling models included the development of the three sanction model models and denunciation models of the persian gulf.
 9 percentage points of this growth were the result of changes in currency exchange rates.
 typically illicit arms transactions are carried out in areas where the import and export of arms have been controlled.
 in no way, switzerland does not tolerate the use of switzerland in the financial system of switzerland to do so in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for graduates who hold diploma or degree degree in monthly salary.
 table 1 shows the gross value of construction work performed by major contractors in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 for details of the status of commission functions, see the accompanying " financial and capital markets commissions ".
 it was to be hoped that in the near future, these programmes were carried out by croatian national television.
 civil society within the commonwealth is a major complement to the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that at present, international nuclear disarmament efforts are now being hovered at the crossroads, the prospects of a crossroads.
 because the honourable member has more time and so, i 've got to give support.
 observer for the indian, africa and the inter-american association of americans observed that the non-designo population should be recognized as minority groups in argentina.
 " we are planning to recruit employers in the next three years to acquire the performance of the university graduates.
 it is not clear that the chinese version of the chinese side is an excuse for the mainland to imagine a number of excuses for the mainland.
 the college of commissioners was held in new york in new york, on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has drawn up the criteria for the parties, namely, the signatory, dependent on party and the certification standards.
 as a result, the rate of capacity to implement the national programme is expected to be very low.
 the commission will consider the specific topics for considering the specific topics.
 " the hksar is warmly supportive of the mainland's accession to the wto as early as possible.
 for example, there are only a telephone number of people in the area of africa in the south of the area of africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of persons and bodies.
 the israeli authorities also closed a number of crossings between the gaza strip and egypt and a number of days for a number of days.
 as a result of unloading and unloading, the cost of transport is reduced, and the cost of transport has been reduced.
 it's all of us.
 36. the 2 is to absorb the development of talented talented, technical and skilled people.
 what she wanted to do, such as listening to radio, television, reading, sports, singing and war-like guitar, singing and war-like guitar.
 when talking about taiwan's growing children, it is indeed very difficult to look at the impact of the united nations on them.
 it can be counted at a higher level of calculation.
 as the secretary for housing has invited me to dinner, he explained that this is not related to the redevelopment of the redevelopment area.
 the advisory group entrusted an independent expert group to provide independent experts to encourage consultants to operate in an open, transparent manner.
 i did not see, but i have heard that this report is often heard.
 (a) the company who is interested to lease the development of the cyberport must also apply for formal applications.
 in the movies, hou hsiao-yen's " amazman " and " small, " " pai hou hsiao-man's " and " small, " he says.
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that some four years later it can be achieved.
 it is difficult.
 of the department's central institutions, women account for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of them posts.
 the court held that the buyer had not fulfilled the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have to contact the human rights association of the league of arab states.
 if 159 member states, as the co-sponsor of the bill, will create a record: this will be the real-defined olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc's recent commitment to the financial centre of the financial centre will make a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the view was expressed that the competence of the elections is the prerogative of the assembly, not the prerogative of the security council.
 it is also possible for visitors to say a few of those who have traced their presence in modern civilizations.
 we have set a far-reaching goal to develop hong kong as a city in asia.
 at the dinner meeting, the director of social welfare, mrs carrie lam yue-fun and the fund management committee, provides a member of the committee for distribution of $ 80 per copy.
 the honourable mrs selina chow has proposed to strengthen the use of " juvenile police ".
 in overseas markets they have found breakthroughs.
 i would like to point out that the amendment moved by mr lee cheuk-yan is in fact misused.
 shanghai's export import and export company, shanghai's provinces of zhejiang province saw silk and export companies similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 on the other hand, the hong kong shipping company has to make use of the owner-to-surre-effective commercial decision.
 in helping the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace, one priority of the united states is a priority.
 according to him, history was only repeated.
 the development framework for the transitional government demonstrates the role of the state in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of employment of employment, which included all aspects of the relevant racial discrimination.
 that is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without such a momentum, and international support will not be valid.
 however, industrialization partners still needed to do much work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that since the delegation had been a member of the commission, the delegation remained actively engaged in its responsibilities.
 it is proud that israel has shared with the age-old traditions of the world as a whole.
 <unk> mrs clari tsai may be the director of information services to be held on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers have made up of the precipitation of a flower of flowers.
 the situation in the united nations is most worrisome.
 again, again, before another was sent again to hospital, the doctor said that he had infected a small child.
 questionnaires had been delivered to all programme and donor agencies, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of a catalyst in the catastics, the team's team looks like a spark to bring them to the world.
 the aim is to bring pressure on 3 parties and peace-building in order to make wars no longer to war.
 a fire broke out in tai po, tai po, at no. 3 alarm fire in tai po.
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the communities of the community should not allow the past to be dragged down, and should be seen in the future.
 members must bear in mind that there is no waste of public funds.
 on the other hand, the university degree in university places will be increased over the next year.
 i recently visited the residents in the districts as well as to the residents.
 a copy of the written submissions should be sent to the party as a prosecutor or by the person of the person.
 qin chin-sheng said that soong chu-yu's arrival in the 1 stop in the 1 stop was in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that the delegation provided additional information in respect of the mission during the consideration of the report.
 it was reported that a major train explosion occurred on the 22 of the north korea train station.
 the elements of the activities of the special rapporteur include also extensive presentations of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists as well as journalists.
 nowadays, they have been making use of methods and expressions of the people of hong kong, i cannot agree with them.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not in my opinion, but i often heard that religion is advocating the spirit of love.
 i am afraid that before the sar government was established, only the chinese government will only be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections on the relationship between administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai, for his comments.
 indeed, we have already implemented some of its provisions, in particular with regard to mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons is reduced to 3.30000 people, and it was also the first four four years to drop below 200000 people.
 in the financial year 2004, the import bank of the united states provided funding assistance to us$ 17800000000 in export markets markets around the world.
 the two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering legal action on the issue of pollution of the old-age site at the same time.
 36 posts are proposed to be the establishment of 36 posts in the office for action, and 18 posts are paid by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he proposed 3 " 3 path " in taiwan.
 right, for a double-edged sword, we have zhang charts, uh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased on a daily basis to inspect the aircraft and take-off of the bus, from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only are written in the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i wish to bring to the attention of council members that the state of external debt was extremely critical.
 at the scene, the location of the united states, at 0.0930, will be the 2105 room 210 room 215 rooms of the united states congress.
 the book will have to be given a 3-year period from the end of the final review.
 china has a reduction of 20000 people.
 a large number of bangkok's accession to bangkok is preparing to be refreshing throughout the year before.
 similar declarations made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives have been published.
 during the course, urban taxis will be able to pick up the carpark and pick-up and loading of nearly ming yin road.
 the registration of united nations conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure that sovereign states between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers will continue to streamline manpower for the slow economic growth and uncertainty in some local employers.
 it requires a social consensus. "
 this type of punishment applies only to citizens of the czech republic, but those who do not have the status of refugees.
 whenever i went to that child, i am very much aware of the movement.
 the committee on human rights and peoples rights in human rights also participated in international seminars.
 studies of the cumulative process of the cumulative process of gender disparity and inequality have proved to be inadequate.
 the estimation of the technological commercial application of these technological commercial applications can reach a number of billions of technological commercial applications.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is to be concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has built up a financial surplus of financial surplus and should be more efficient.
 the swd has already contacted her family and provide psychological counselling.
 the number of residential costs in the country is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments have further contributed to strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 it appeared that the number of refugees camps in west timor is somewhat difficult.
 there are no places where there is no place for these persons, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, whether they were to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, salary salaries, training and management recommendations of the police, similarly applies equally to prison guards.
 " the inspection has also found that the loading of the bridge is sufficient to meet traffic, utilities and other loadings.
 it is now almost 30 years ago that the notion of common heritage had been incorporated or was reflected in the international conventions.
 the ministry of the building works at the office of residential and courtes.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters will be deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 you can wish hong hong hong hong kong forever shint, rainy, well-being, prosperity and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main power of economic and social development.
 we therefore highlight the obligation of nuclear powers to conclude the obligations of the comprehensive test-ban treaty under the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states have only maintained each of the 20 users of the network.
 since the reform and opening-up, small-and medium-sized enterprises have made a significant contribution to the strategic goals of the social stability.
 in my country, because of the warm warmth of warmth and so long, it will be up to 5 and 60 minutes.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to enjoy the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the possibility of leaving the guardian to give up the guardianship.
 for example, the measures agreed to include citizens of the countries of the region included a model of a uniform travel document.
 as the saying goes, it is hard to make friends.
 mr howard young: mr president, jobless, employment and transfer of employment have been hampered by the problems of employment, employment and change.
 " even if you entered the taiwanese station, " says chu su-yun says. "
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its practical effect.
 as a result, the average inflation rate in last year was surprisingly disturbing.
 it is no longer intended that the graduates of the mainland and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong are entitled to the use of drugs and antibiotics.
 the greek cypriot is 66 years old.
 it also raised the same predictions on the weekend of high-colonial companies.
 the project could also allow greater public awareness of the merits of cultural diversity and the desirableness of such diversity as well as interest in this area.
 given the large number of applications to be applied, the government is considering whether there is a need for additional loans.
 the seizure of assets was carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the criminal procedure and by the judge.
 it can therefore be seen that the student death penalty was forced to do so.
 a basic medical supplies provided to the agency for medical treatment at unrwa-care facilities (united) was based on a standardized medical centre.
 the land reform plan is not only a redistribution of land.
 on the basis of this theme, the meeting sought to remind people that a person is killed or maimed in every 20 minutes.
 later on, there were hand-creployed pieces of hand-crossing products in the vicinity of the neighbouring banners.
 drivers are advised to follow up traffic instructions and comply with the command of the scene.
 the conclusion was somewhat surprising, since the legal advisers had previously been reprimanded as an inappropriate conduct for the payment of defence counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering a expansion of the existing material or personal scope of the existing social security system.
 amputation of amputations gave them their lifetime, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 the european union, japan, japan, the united states and several developing countries fell in 2001 at the same time.
 with the implementation of this scheme, many honourable colleagues will expect a number of honourable colleagues to first set up a journey for life-long learning.
 he was subsequently concealed, after his father filed a written complaint with his father, to visit his home.
 other nb officers also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment opportunities is the only service sector.
 the project indicates that currently small-and medium-sized enterprises based on focusing on the previous policy experience and performance of the credit subsidized credit subsidizeds.
 mrs miriam lau has just claimed to be the " charter for youth ".
 three persons were suspected to have been deceived of the victim.
 these shall be opened in accordance with the national circumstances of the state of currency, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the face of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq in the west.
 real development concepts should encompass full respect for all universally recognized human rights.
 state practice shows that the duration of the length of the right of right of right to choose is largely varied.
 the islamic state of afghanistan earnestly desires the security council's consideration of the previous agenda that it considered before it.
 states have realized a large number of their population lives in poverty, although the asian economic crisis had caused regression.
 as a result, some countries with poverty lacked access to funds.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring countries in the economic spheres is recognized.
 the security council is deeply concerned at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it is important to work to achieve a harmonious co-operation between the generations.
 teng chu found that development, manufacturing, manufacture and sales, as well as many world consumer goods.
 thereafter, the veterinary officer arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens had not been infected with avian flu, " he added.
 the secretariat analysed a number of missions survey data and verify the self-sustaining rate of the recommendations.
 if the problem of flood floods in the northwest new territories, it is necessary to promote the shenzhen river project.
 and the capitalist capitalist capitalism in which the laws and ethics have often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen chao-tung, who is the 1 works of crown prince, was able to find a series of comic books.
 one of the one-way flights in xiamen's one-way flight could be shortened to around 40 minutes.
 as a description of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories, a trace of the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories is totally unavailable.
 <unk> don't bring substantial cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 people were killed, and 38 individuals were living burned.
 working groups working with international human rights services, the working group, together with international human rights groups, dealt with these issues in 1997.
 a total of 2 targeted units were found in sham shui po in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 as a result, the contracting authority might prefer to consider the need to change changes.
 the economic growth of both developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in countries with economies in transition, is particularly evident in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 alleged elements were alleged to have been killed by the cpn (mainist) of the nepalese communist party.
 under the same law, " no person in accordance with the crime of terrorist activity " is liable to liability for terrorist activities.
 mr president, after coming into the landfill of the jordan valley, the foul will be resolved thoroughly after next year.
 over 2 million children were killed during the 1990s and more than 6 million were permanently disabled or seriously injured.
 this will help promote the development of eco-tourism. "
 basically, this is a visible undertaking on the development of the government.
 members of the department will issue a warning letter from the department as a result of the failure to improve or minimize the results.
 the spread of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 again, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the most competitive and most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a construction contract with kinmen construction company limited (july 20) after a construction contract valued $ 6808000000.
 i am going to check the laws of hong kong and to mention the basic law.
 thirdly, there is a practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 the unemployment and employment situation of most of the major industries in most of the major industries were stable in june this year.
 i am sure this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, we can absorb the number of people with a disability.
 furthermore, australia is actively participating in negotiations on the drafting of negotiations on the financing of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the industrial and industrial undertakings (working noises) regulations, will effectively implement the protection scheme effectively.
 the letter fails to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some areas of the world, the absolute number of the poor and the relatively large number of people is growth.
 we look forward to continuing to work with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present cases.
 he was informed that the conflict in the darfur conflict was a dispute between the herdsians in the area of the crops in the area.
 the land has also been reserved for the future development of community facilities, such as the fire services bureau and open space.
 otherwise, the international community could have no alternative but only from liberia.
 the details of the details of the study on the details are also available to those who improve language skills.
 on the side of the magnificent wind and the waves of waves of waves from time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal of the garrison law for jurisdiction is almost the same as the current practice of british forces.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the resource centre for the establishment of the judiciary was not an incentive to adversate himself.
 the chairman of the joint meeting took the discussion very useful and follow follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 we will also prepare for the review on the review of the district councils after the 2003 elections.
 automobile access to the secretariat entrance located on 1 avenue will be restricted solely to the vehicle, a specially permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 turning to the village of village, the villagers have made more than 200000 trees.
 the institute for reform of el salvador is established as a executing institution in the land transfer scheme, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to such posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or missing girl is urged to contact the mong kok police station at 2398 6329.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal documentation body for the implementation of improved quality and enhanced productivity programmes.
 our time has not been limited, and i would like to focus on two three issues in their speeches.
 to that end, the importance of education in education is a necessary means and means to promote social development.
 ruf is not the army. it has certainly not been the command of the army's dismissal of the army.
 the field asset control system is the process of a series of audits aimed at the disposal of the united nations accounting responsibility for the united nations asset.
 but it is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, there are no radioactive, non-secures, non-secures, non-secures, non-secures, non-secures and no chemical reactions.
 the offence of treason is already emerging in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse yet, as a consequence of the destruction of a nuclear-designed threat seemed to be firmly rooted in many people.
 village villagers were all threatened.
 the armed conflict in the darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of the non-state discriminatory discrimination are a part of the international protection, in particular respect for pluralism systems.
 the procedure for the procedure is confidential, depending on the rules and rules, regardless of rules, any document or address.
 but as economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the ranking of hong kong will be rebounded in the future.
 the choice is whether the choice is to decide whether to mark the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will represent a challenge.
 they are inclined to recover backwards.
 at that time the governor was busy with the preparation of the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may, however, be disappointed that only one accused has been sent to the court to trial trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, is saddened to go beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 the barracks seized included $ 50000 water money.
 in recent years the world economy has changed rapidly.
 the guidelines are already up to the department's web pages and are distributed to all managerial companies and owners ' corporations.
 they were considered to be referred to as technology, and could not be described as the level of science the doctrine.
 while member states have requested to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb exploded near the town of mahayah in the town of mahayah.
 security security staff at the session of the high-ranking official, as well as individuals, receive special permits for special permits for the security and safety service.
 the latest maps and accessories have been prompted promptly to rescue agencies.
 the programme comprises 15000000 citizens service, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination on the basis of sex.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations bodies have carried out demining activities in its mandate.
 the kingdom of cambodia provides legal protection for the hiv <unk> aids cambodians and protects human rights of these persons.
 once again, we should once again go to the housing department to ask for further inspection.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than boys, at both the secondary and university level, and the holder of men.
 on the other hand, the eruption of tensions between the two parties and the bian-bian bian-like breaks has broken out.
 no difficulties are difficult to establish and enter into such private schools.
 but i have never imagined that her decision had changed her decision.
 when drivers have accumulated 8 points, it will receive a warning letter from the department.
 it is always in the hands of the united states, er, in the hands of the united states.
 chairman, chairman of the environment capital agency<unk> senior adviser to the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in the interest of the investments, they would be rather interested in doing business.
 it should also take into account the spread of international regimes over the past 10 years, particularly in the dissemination of globalization and new technologies.
 if a matter of fact, there is no question.
 cuba has been proposing to abolish the cuban sugar quotas in the u.s. market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but it must also go to the gendarmerie.
 pewei wen-wen seeks to speak on the modernization of the legislation of hong kong sar.
 the more voters went to vote, of course, the more representative of our pc legs.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles is located in a ballistic missiles 2000 kilometres.
 if he is not enough, he would be able to rest a rest, and i believe it would be better.
 it is clear that this practice is administrative.
 the violent attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing movement against the turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed to include models in addition to serial number.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities to find out the details of the case before the court, " the spokesman added.
 his delegation expressed appreciation to the delegation of china for its positive work on the subject.
 no one went to him to do.
 referring to a programme on the elimination of marital marriages, she asked whether it was whether to identify the causes of family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the special adviser to the members of the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will make a major change in the securities and futures markets and strengthens supervision of the banking sector.
 it is therefore important to improve the importance of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to engage non-governmental organizations and other important groups.
 the delegation said that this was the result of external forces, free from control groups and individuals.
 " this achievement has all over the past and serving in the past and present every effort, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the living standards and improve services of children, parents are paying a certain cost of their household income.
 however, further efforts need to be made to facilitate the promotion of the results of the promotion exercise.
 those responsible for the implementation of those criminal individuals cannot be allowed to support those who support these criminal acts.
 on july 26 july this year, a security guard was able to pass a security guard to pursue two burglaries.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can only accommodate the clients of contact or contact customers.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates in the republic shall be protected by law in accordance with the law with haitians.
 the member states of the european union have given a three-year period of three years to allow the laws to be consistent with the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 in this press conference, the pfs would immediately make a press conference with a press conference.
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of developed countries in the region remains weak by the continued weakness of japan.
 it is impractical if such people wait for the sake of their own.
 in the light of the hard hand, lin was able to sell their lots for sale.
 the eastern harbour of taiwan province of taiwan's taiwan province has become six years old.
 despite the condemnation by the international community, the security council has adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 in accordance with the commission's operating standards and standards, the enforcement function will be implemented according to the management of its licensees.
 the star dusts returned to come back for the first time.
 we would see that the university of peace has a real universality and the truly global mission.
 population estimates are the projection parameters and projections that are important parameters for the planning and research of private and commercial organizations.
 many years ago were invited to attend the chinese new year's lunar new year.
 the united states government recognised that the cuban diplomatic bank accounts should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the adjudication fee paid in respect of the category of adjudication shall be paid for the instrument of adjudication.
 during the competition, the students had had to deal with accidents, such as power failures, an interruption.
 we are now considering the views of the trade and the implementation of the proposals.
 the staff of undcp also visited undcp in thailand and in china.
 the bill does not mention special mention of the issue of distributing credits with one or a company.
 say it is strange that the chinese name could be avoided, but it is so big an important party.
 the department of health has given health education to family members of the patient and disinfected their home.
 i would now like to turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in my country.
 the non-governmental organization also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to deal with the implementation of the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 when concentrating the necessary action, we refuse to keep our visions in a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree, i do so.
 these include a threat to the threat of the sovereignty of sovereignty, which has been subjected to the advancement of technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be found in the development efforts of the international community.
 a number of parts of lima region were renewed on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to translate into other places of detention.
 the unique nature of the missile enables them to be very reasonable in the use of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and retaliation.
 it is the government's policy to adopt, as far as possible, software products products products for the application of the application system.
 in addition, 106 privately young children are still at present fees.
 following the incident, both sides had introduced military operations, but there is no major change in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly has also designed a series of novel games to play their children.
 however, on some immediate danger, the departments concerned will take immediate action.
 the commission could take new images with new images and the recent images of the committee's database (some 15000).
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy rate consisting of a 10 per cent vacancy factor.
 from the use of coal to natural gas, the use of natural gas will reduce sulphur dioxide, nitrogen and carbon dioxide emissions.
 works will start early next year for completion by early 2001.
 large establishments are the establishment of a large number of persons with 100 or more people who are in other professions.
 under section 2 of the swedish penal code, article 2, paragraph 2, respect for the preparation or computation of the offence is applied to the maximum extent to be completed.
 in resolution 56<unk>82, the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (spoke in chinese): the kings hassan ii of morocco's king hassan ii was passed away by kingssan ii of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda operation, and the other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, while the other 19 were sponsored by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the two spanish special concerns.
 without pretending to be unauthorised, the car parks no longer will be involved.
 2, the capacity of the small and medium enterprises (smes) is inadequate.
 after 8 days, meina is two separated two separate times.
 during the easter holidays, over 2000, the easter holidays will be displayed at the hong kong park in the hong kong park.
 the investigation will provide information on the standard of living of the entire territory, especially in the context of poverty.
 one of the hotspots in the attention of the family is the 1 new game with a new game.
 the legislative abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is one of the major trends in the world.
 it is also known about the dimiting, sectarian and other disorders.
 15 catholic gods and the heads of humanitarian organizations, as well as his numerous staff, are said to have suffered a summary execution in dili.
 he noted in particular that the legislation had been amended in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence of competition management.
 china and south korea's ministry of foreign affairs, the ministry of foreign affairs of china, held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech at the lunch organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french association.
 if it takes into account the interests of each other, the international community can co-operate jointly.
 a response was submitted by the ministry of finance, on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and our property prices will not go far down. "
 mr lau ping-cheung has just said that if she is to apply if it is to be submitted.
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in articles 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, stockpiled states must begin to collect data on its stocks and production records.
 it should be recalled that the figures contained in these tables are obtained from the various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of words, such as " recipients ", etc.
 i believe that many will not agree with this view, but, in principle, it will be opposed in principle.
 under the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issues must be required to agree with the local forests.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the southern savali province in southern province and continues to be attacks in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the programme, we intend to continue to prove that the industries affected by the problems affected will continue to be in evidence.
 in addition, the vegetation of germany has been adopted by germany, and the price is $ 8000000000.
 the court received a gift from the government of the peoples republic of china in 2001 to embroidery the government of the peoples republic of china.
 this sort of work is still being made by the division and the specific circumstances of the matter are subject to consideration and approval.
 police will implement special arrangements on hong kong island on hong kong island on hong kong island for the community chest.
 in accordance with the economic situation of students, private universities have given relief to the student financial situation.
 improvements in relations with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations are indispensable to further achievement of the common goal of all ethnic groups in our region.
 his jewelry was extremely strong, and he was fully involved in he painted almonary.
 in some cases, some of the police stations have included the question of the perpetrators.
 although it has shown that ganineine not unincomprehensed for medical treatment, the quality of medicines obtained through a german company is being sold by a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification by ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel has also continued to open the opening of the tunnel under the western al-aqsa mosque in the al-aqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival holidays, the travel industry council has not received complaints from visitors.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places, " he added.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciation in depreciation, in order to reflect the latter's military service.
 therefore, if members of the public are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it can be said that we should not be complacent.
 the private car immediately destroyed the scene along the ground at tai chung road, tai chung bridge.
 where evidence is well substantiated, today they are still being defended and said that they are not " switching ".
 governments have adopted methods to control these trends in these monopoly.
 however, it must be noted that in terms of their different roles and missions, it is neither fair nor appropriate. "
 i believe that the future will not only affect only the future.
 the political necessities of environmental problems have gone through the wind, and even the words " all usual ", referred to in the words " all usual ".
 " our immunization system is like the forces of the military system, like the forces of anti-invasion bacteria.
 the indifference and the extent of indifference to citizens and voters is high.
 this resulted in a drop in underground water in the gaza strip and caused the salt from sea to east.
 i believe that this week of this assembly is very important to demonstrate our resolve to defeat this international health of international health.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for their appreciation and appreciation for the report which had been submitted today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility.
 argentina, for its part, has been sacrificed after several decades of political instability.
 in the sil area, the silang area only put her many legends.
 it is important that the hualien is well known to be held at the hualien level.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the oceans.
 in history, no other children died after having died of death.
 the " peaceful flames ", as a whole, gives us a bright and elegance to our peoples. "
 as chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i am determined to build a tree in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions may become an instrument of impunity and the wish of the entire international community to do so.
 cocaine seizures in croatia in croatia have been low and 913 kg of cocaine seizures were reported in 2000.
 in that connection, pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations bodies should seriously consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpf) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industries related industries.
 then he was taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was pushed away from the car.
 with regard to environment, the international efforts to protect nature should be launched in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there was also a need to make more clearly defined users of public information and evaluation results.
 mr chan kam-lam: mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is less than my short, but i would now like to be short.
 lithuania attaches great importance to the role of other international forums dealing with anti-terrorism issues.
 the 11 circuit trial district of the u.s. u.s. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c..
 in this connection, the 30000 displaced persons and in katanga provinces, in the southern part of the equatorial zone, receive no assistance in this year.
 some of the international groups of international groups had had to leave the city as a result of the fighting in kabul and in kabul.
 in view of the current economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training. "
 at best, i can only say that the government was only able to do so.
 currently, the operating budget for unhcr is a total of $ 40 per year for each of the unhcr's receiver.
 additionally, 10 per cent of the unutilized payment should be set at the non-us dollar basis in respect of a non-us dollar value of the exchange rate.
 the president and mrs be unanimously.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle and could be an appropriate forum for forums.
 mr tien said that following the above, the scolar recommends that the basic skills of secondary school students, universities and professional groups should be available.
 it is, therefore, unwise to reject a more rich and more enriched expression of language.
 <unk> regular receives and processing of images of a series of 30-minute shootings-6 and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as regards the specific content of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports jumped into a rise and climbing up 2<unk>3 of the 2<unk>3 and 2<unk>3 growth in colombia.
 the recent most recent recent example is the construction of a golf course in sha lo tung in sha lo tung, where the integrity of the country parks.
 the sample records as envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model procurement law.
 a keynote address will be conducted in the workshop on the property management panel of the hong kong institute of property management.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in the operation on june 15 had been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue is frequently communicated to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress at the moment.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 it would also be useful to know how to choose the non-governmental organizations, which provided information and how to use such information.
 to protect the interests of consumers, i represent the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the efforts of the director-general to promote field representation, but host countries should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this is the oils of 15 different countries.
 as a result of the signing of international treaties, there is a request for legal assistance under the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities need to be addressed in order to ensure that remaining 70000, or at least, the majority of them returned to their homes.
 the list of countries should be punished by the list of state lists, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decrease was also observed in the construction, construction of the construction, transport and transport industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, the cost and expenditure provided for assignments were provided for assignments.
 this must be an exception to which there must be a limitation measure that must not be allowed to do so too long.
 every time i spent on weekends, and the next class is filled with children's parents.
 the bank does not wish to make one another one other thing, namely, the government to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 24631 <unk> reservation to betelling 24611<unk> reservation is seating: 2734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be used as a unit to study.
 article 190 to 201 of the penal code of georgia is given in detail the procedure of the assets (in bank accounts).
 " apart from the charming case, we also think need to be extended to training and transportation, " he said.
 for 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grievous dictatorships that have been subjected to the continent.
 we do not support the practice of adopting pressure on the part of the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i don't know if you are joined by you, and don't leave you.
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by traffic traffic, hong kong island are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, to stop the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered in the light of the international institutional framework for the adoption of a more specific nature.
 1970-1975 minister-counsellor at the italian embassy in italy.
 the adoption of a code of moral code of morality should be enacted in respect of the legitimate business of the conflict area.
 the prerequisites should be the prerequisite, and the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 applications for sale at the home ownership scheme, the spokesman added.
 during the same period, there were 53300 births in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i mention it, because it is a reflection of the blame for the balking of the balkans of the balkans.
 as the future of our future talks, some chinese leaders said, " the chinese people can also do so. "
 more than any other group, they require the attention and attention of families, societies and governments.
 the polluted areas were reported to have been affected by polluting and food in other places, and then food re imported in other places.
 with regard to the choice of the family name of the child, luxembourg has presented reservations at the time of ratification of the convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that the flow of arms into the country must be prevented.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully negotiate with the industry and to listen to their views.
 i want to think of a little boy who wants to be killed, i would also like to go to the thousands of victims in the past ten years.
 ni kuang talks about women's edition of taiwan's edition.
 the overall plan is devoted to assisting girls and women in improving self-esteem.
 he strongly categorically reiterated that the management and palau are determined to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 on the promotion of feeding chickens, there will be a large number of local colololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololons and
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding that has been made by the advisory committee.
 against this backdrop, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full range of acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 there is a loss of fighting.
 the main reasons for the resulting unencumbered balance were the termination of the arm expansion programme.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to make a direct contribution to the palestinians.
 activities involving scientific research and practical applications in the field of remote sensing by satellite remote sensing.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hksar shall enjoy the election and the right of election.
 the 40 enterprises of the service industry received a loan of $ 216000 in the reporting period, creating or rescued 79 work.
 at the beginning of june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further reactions to the nuclear tests conducted by india and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, for the international community and the united nations, to continue to provide our assistance to our country.
 we are invited to do business to our friends: we understand their inadequate and honest.
 in a few months ' time, the storm has also caused a very painful adjustment period.
 well, it's also closed.
 after protests were protested, the people of some people hit the blockade line and the police used a high voltage of high volatility.
 the establishment of a programme of work for trade point (annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think it is important to respect civil servants to allow them to discuss with them on the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension regime and that the impact of changes on women is even greater than for men.
 (iii) the office of the force commander: as the message disseminated by the office is sensitive to the two local level posts.
 in fact, the growth of the world economy and the anticipated growth in international trade had been decided.
 the department of community development division and the family support division has launched public information activities, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " gizmondo, vice president of sales and strategic partnership, said that the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner.
 these positive developments have shown that, despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategy that is being implemented.
 similar to the provisions of article 122 of the basic law, similar to the annex.
 he punched me.
 us dollar deposits rose slightly by 0.6% in december, after a marked increase of 17 per cent in july.
 the committee would like to know the findings of the inquiry.
 it is clear, however, that women fully participate fully in the economic and social rights of their societies.
 much of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees clearly reflects the urgent issue of common concern for all mankind.
 it must end their suffering and pain.
 " we will strive to preserve our efforts, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of position, the chinese side raised a reasonable solution to this effect.
 of these us$ 20000000000, after all, only $ 123000000 was used for the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices in the consumer price index reflect the changes that have been paid by households in hong kong.
 this type of jurisdiction has focused on whether the proceeds of the original security will go back to the original security goods.
 he argues that the preparatory work in beijing's beijing olympics and odds, which will certainly hold the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with its multi-year programme, the committee considered the key issue of gender-protection employment issues at its recent session in february this year.
 we can do what it can be done by the measurement of economic measurement.
 female workers in the workplace are also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks for female workers in the workplace.
 paraguay's actual facilities also have improved and transit corridors to the river as a 2 key transport route transported by road transport.
 welcome to see.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to make a strong development, and we hope that it will be able to implement as soon as possible.
 to members of the general city hall, the general assembly is supersensed and supersured.
 the population of the elderly is far faster than overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 furthermore, the public records office was reportedly looted on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to be invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of the " china's space technology achievement " exhibition.
 their discipline and discipline are found to be they themselves themselves and for the united nations.
 these proposals have been the public opinion in the years, and it has been suggested from the masses.
 " both letters and members of the public have not been unduly worried, " a police spokesman said.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing person who is urged to contact investigating officers from the regional missing person, kowloon east kowloon.
 in this regard, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the system-wide review schedule.
 the 74-year-old man, his voice, and every day at every day looked at every 100 patients.
 this incident occurred at the point of view of the trekamigrant settlements point.
 the overall unemployment figure is several times higher.
 some of the governments of industrialized countries have already completed the suspension of debts from the heavily indebted poor countries (hipc) to the suspension of debts.
 in this century and the millennium, it has seen a number of catastrophies of humanity.
 mr deputy president, in explaining my amendment to my amendment, i would like to say a few debates on this subject.
 the number of deaths in armed conflict is civilian population.
 as a result, phase iii will be called biotechnology in biotechnology.
 i think that the chinese government has agreed to draft the precise provisions of the basic law more precise in the basic law.
 these acts may be brought to the attention of the competent authorities.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to address many of these challenges.
 this money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicines that is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese temple and the chinese temple fund was established shortly after the enactment of the 1928 chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that there is a practical sometimes difficult to distinguish between the recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 to read the japanese language page as well as the letter, the letter was written as a day.
 at the same time, the inflation rate for the year is expected to be close to 10 per cent at the same time.
 mr just now mentioned, he believed that many voters in the legal profession are sick and tired of the fact that there are many voters in the mainland.
 i also agree with the amendments that the amendment is related to a reduction in certain administrative provisions.
 i would like to repeat here that we are very clear.
 the conference prepared a number of conclusions and recommendations to be submitted to the session of the crc session.
 imis is a complex project.
 if it is not sufficient for themselves, the number of buyers can be purchased.
 with the relevant measures, the fire services department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification exercise.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police have not been able directly to ensure safety.
 the aim is to make some political choices and rights to the countries concerned after the introduction of international wrongful conduct.
 responding to the call, police officers conducted investigations by the crime bureau on march 27 and raided three rooms of the hotel.
 they must be accepted by the continuing professional training, their registration <unk> authorized by their registration <unk> authorizations.
 in late february each year, parents have been invited to take part in the uniform allocation of parents in march.
 however, these technological costs are implemented.
 i would also like to say a little hesitation with him.
 the contradictions contained in operative paragraph 3 have become more apparent from reality.
 the minimum age for the service will benefit from the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of the remuneration of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not trying to repeat the argument that i hope i hope all members will be fair to the elderly who are old loyalty.
 in the absence of any other speakers, the president shall declare an end to the debate upon the consent of the group.
 in doing so, he said, " you often get into the darkness of life. "
 i think that the level of decision should be taken on the future, and there is no need to take a decision on the future.
 the 2 sisters suffered from starvation and guards the sheep and storm-war storms.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service levels, which is our expectations, " the spokesman said.
 a big step forward can lay a great step in the future.
 the community is now clearly in favour of adopting a bill of rights through the enactment of a bill of rights.
 in my view, the government is really " himself ".
 however, when the delegation travelled to new york, it was at a national security place to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia has been considerably slowed.
 the united kingdom delegation expressed the view that the court should meet some criteria.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties dealt with the multilateral convention and agreements, including the question of the human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic country oriented towards a market-based economy.
 reportedly, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were reportedly thrown of a 7th, including five children.
 " we will appeal to the appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural and cultural life can really be regarded as the ideal city for a set-off. "
 in some countries, cross-boundary transposion instruments fall under customs legislation, such as smuggling or intransigence.
 the taxpayer for salaries tax and personal incomes can be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness that we must overcome the sadness of japan.
 the ministry of women and family affairs within the sudan, welfare and social development department is responsible for the observance of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as secretary of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the co-operation of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, which ended on friday, may 5.
 it is equally surprising that the differences in life expectancy at births (table 3 and chart 5).
 2, checks and balances between the executive authorities and the legislature.
 even if there are no public transportation in the shelling, most of the streets in the streets have become isolated.
 this may be a different after all.
 let's take a look at the iraq policy pursued by the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members can see the investigations conducted by the capo.
 looking back at the expense of my side, i 'm very fonduous.
 despite good financial successes, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach their targets in the area of gdp growth.
 right, it is a bit different.
 if we hope the united nations is a key position, we must have to make the united nations a step forward in order to follow the course of developments.
 the financial secretary referred to the words " under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for carrying out the construction of the public housing estates to be repaired on the ground.
 following the election, mr deputy president, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " there has been a downward trend in the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry.
 the croatian police are also patrolling on regular foot and vehicle patrols on regular foot and vehicles.
 mr matthew cheung kin-chung, mr matthew cheung kin-chung, said that this would be misunderstanding by the education department.
 it is now necessary for the united nations to have more support than before.
 before the registration scheme has been implemented, the administration will consider carefully all the views involved in the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you, mr. martin lee, you are consulted, and it would not be appropriate for the manner to be questioned.
 as a matter of fact, the government has been steadfastly and that it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the visit to north america for the last stop.
 exports from developing countries have increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the meeting of states parties to the meeting of states parties.
 let her husband and her husband shouted her shoes.
 in spite of the fact that a number of data are required to analyse the volume of data and quantity, it is less than a few.
 however, the report noted that notwithstanding the local market, there is a huge relatively limited purchasing power in the local markets.
 the advisory committee agrees that it was suggested that the current rate of 23.7 per cent should be retained.
 the gains made by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be an excuse for the sake of the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has recognized the interests of the sovereign state to the ad hoc group.
 the hong kong economy, however, has contributed to the growth of many countries in the current economy.
 as such.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general.
 in a number of years, a large number of documents have proved that because of the shortage of water supplies for a number of years.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear tests, except for nuclear testing, nuclear testing, or production of new arms systems.
 they answered that there was a need for him to host him because they were anxious.
 overall, it may be far greater than the overall and far greater.
 (b) the clp has been working day on may 1 this year and will be integrated on a day-wide basis as from may 1 this year.
 in the green paper, it is indeed advisable to say a person in the green paper.
 he became a member of china's appointment in 1993 and became a member of the arbitrator in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was aimed at enhancing the strengthening of the capacities and infrastructure in the promotion and promotion of human rights and infrastructure.
 the weekly working group of the age group is about 5 hours a week.
 this phase will lead to a single standard reimbursement rate for all other equipment and depletion.
 we must be prudent in the use of the most strongest international law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing at a rapid rate, and the world is speeding up towards multipolarization.
 the subjects of chinese and western paintings in the chinese and western paintings, and the other.
 in the sense of rationality and depths, his thriving and sensation of the sensation of the depths is not commensurate with him.
 i spoke of the response to the crisis in the crisis in west africa.
 most fundamentals, however, have truly committed themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased substantially in the activities of the eu.
 there are few indications of the presence of drugs in fiji.
 at the same time, it's all thought to be extremely happy.
 the brazilian turtle, fowl's colons, rodel rodenton and robberies are the most strong species of animals.
 women have also been subjected to discrimination on the basis of different pay for work, or are subjected to symmetry in the family.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) the developed countries in general.
 today, lucia was the 1 female head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is the product of a new multi-functional system of a state alone.
 some of the recent groups have not been able to speak and oppose the direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the resumption of political life and the possibility of large numbers of refugee returns, east timor will require a continuing resources.
 in the capital baghdad, a car bomb attack at least five people and 19 were injured.
 for several months, the police have been accused of decline in the cases of violation of human rights and other irregularities.
 his election has highlighted the various advantages of him, his personal qualities and experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is a " people-oriented industry ", no one cannot survive.
 at the same time, the threads each 10 cm of the 10 cm to 173 pairs of veil and 133 pairs of the 133 pairs of latire.
 for the sake of " repeal of the word ".
 at the same time, it is not like the general service team to deal with the hawkers.
 in non-possessory security in non-possory security, debtors involving assets of the assets should also be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the responsibilities.
 i am confident that, in particular, these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will be held in the future.
 however, in the case of urgent needs, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosions took place in the vicinity of the vicinity. there were no casualties.
 the council also has also started the holding of a new " mixed " conference, namely private meeting, open to all states members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures had been taken to ensure that it would be in the near future.
 in section viii, as mentioned above, the office was not referred to in section viii.
 i have accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs, that is, it is not possible to do so because of these elections.
 equitable wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies will continue to fill, and the meeting will resume at the afternoon of the day.
 the carparks at the visitors centre should also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients ' portfolios still remained stable, greatly in the company's performance in the standard <unk> sd.
 a lot of people have first enjoyed the convenience of brushting of bruises.
 in mid-july of this year, li has visited japan as a friend to japan to participate in the 8 world's muscles in the 8 world.
 the 3 least developed country meeting will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001 in brussels.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development programme of ma wan island.
 in accordance with that commitment, france will soon report to the secretariat as soon as possible the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of background paper, direct participation in the conference.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, sept. 12 <unk> prnewswire-asianet <unk> <unk> prnewswire-asianet <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 small seven are well-being, he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of ling dang.
 mr cheung also delivers a keynote address on the occupational safety and health administration of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you one thing, i 've come to look for you.
 one of the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced radar.
 despite the limited financial resources of the financial difficulties, many small sums could be generated by large amounts of money.
 as regards the content of the draft articles, the content of the draft is already too complicated and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the spirit of the rule of law.
 15 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states have to have their generous commitment to their generous commitment.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the promotion of the employment at the university level.
 when lin ming-wen was over 50 years of age, it was found that there were 18 degrees of personality.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a house in which all houses destroyed the village and burned another.
 those who have read all those who should consult their doctors as early as possible so as to be diagnostic and treating symptoms early.
 children prostitution are providing, or facilitating the use of children, access, or facilitating the use of children, to carry out sexual activities.
 all these are not good.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the fabricated metal products industry increased further, by 2% in the year-on-year rise.
 equally important is the issue of severe external debt in african countries, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of these countries export earnings.
 when a number of hours and many years have taken into account, we are now turning back to the first point.
 there are 14 panel panels panels on the economic and social council, which is attended by experts who are involved in their personal capacity, not national representatives.
 expert units have been provided with more in-depth tactics.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be used as a substitute for the replacing north-south cooperation and should be viewed as a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional family structure is taking place.
 to ensure that there is a high standard of chinese language textbooks, the authorities have established chinese textbook committees.
 another thing: " it's the best business of banks. "
 others are said to have been injured.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role in that area, the panellists raised some interesting questions.
 united nations military contingents will assist in preventing those who might wish to intervene in the process of democratization.
 however, it is necessary to look at trade in other priorities, such as education, health and management, etc.
 however, it was reported that the authorities had been transferred to there.
 in order to avoid political parties, political parties can obtain public funding for their campaigns, which should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that, in the year 2000, it will be completed in the year 2000.
 when he imagined that, suen yun picked up countless waves.
 mr chan wing-sing, chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes), joined the chief executive in this morning to submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the size of the new territories is only controlled by collective officials.
 it is in these areas, " he added.
 let's be able to put a sense of " love you '. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in ilian janean, whether the authorities or local populations do not have it to blame.
 stay tuned to the discovery of the 5 series of new zealand's brigades in new zealand.
 the relevant provisions of the new merger was included in resolution 1171 (1998) on 18 june 1998.
 in the course of the pilot project, it was suggested that a number of areas affected by the pilot zone and the preservation of all ranks are identified.
 national television stations broadcast a number of programmes on this seminar, which helped to raise awareness about the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, equal employment and income exceeds the minimum wage in excess of wages.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 ching ching-ming, he has always been working on the law.
 the special rapporteur urges the competent body to review its review of the ordinance by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and to help them find jobs under the scheme, " he added.
 since recent accession to the world trade organization (wto) in beijing as well as the 2008 olympics, two companies are expected to prepare substantial increases in communications volume.
 recently, one from the mainland is academics from the mainland and academics from hong kong to the federation.
 in the case of the whole, the existing system has already made a checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, the safety of his own was cut down, and several thousand people were assured.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating their emphasis on their emphasis on self-government.
 markni has been a headquarters of ruf.
 retaining signs of " taipei's dignity " signboards are now in front of the new ports.
 this requirement is totally fabricated by the name of the name of the state, " said official from the name of the yav and barbaca.
 born in new zealand, 1944 in new zealand, rice has become the university of chichtch, university of chichtte, canberra and australia national university.
 in the conventional markets, the two chicken operators are competing with each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the site for public inspection.
 because the democratic progressive party has created a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a matter of many staff choices.
 the claimant provides a export credit guarantee for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of the non-governmental organizations, the government has developed the national plan of action for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommended the accuracy of the estimated requirements of estimated requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement is the basis for resolving the conflict.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's office at bangkok: " nobody knows how much the cost is. "
 in this essay, chou enlai was published by the zhou enlai, and liaoning's publishing publication.
 madam president, the secretary for today's grand secretary, mr michael tien, is the " deadly cats " and we will not continue to do so.
 in the atmosphere of the calibre atmosphere, perhaps i might say that some of the more things happen.
 the comments made by the government of japan in the annex to the above-mentioned statement were contained in the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performances, the audiences reacted enthusiastically to the staff and the staff members of the public.
 i can quote some examples. some of the cases said that some chronically ill patients went to the hospital authority to find out to the hospital authority.
 amendments to the approved plan will be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 actually, all of them arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring the gender sensitivity in the 2001 national censuses.
 she has her highest qualities as a whole.
 all departments will be involved, and the scheme will involve various activities, from prevention to prevent and prosecute the victims.
 with regard to this obligation of the states parties, the committee points out that, in some instances, reports are referred to in the present report to the current situation in other countries.
 under normal circumstances, it is estimated that, under normal circumstances, a total of approximately 15000 small arms ammunition can be carried out.
 2, to reduce the extent of the situation.
 let us first take action on economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty with his daughter.
 furthermore, the current reserve for peacekeeping operations has not been available in cash.
 my delegation also thanked the deputy secretary-general for the elegant and special representative egotunnu for his briefing to us this morning.
 the decline in the attractiveness of developing countries in the developing countries is likely to have caused financial destabilization.
 an international seminar was organized jointly by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since this involves the transfer of a banking licence, the total number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the fact that a number of countries have achieved or have no gains in the past 5 years.
 new phenomenon has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> an increase in the tribal conflict exacerbated their suffering.
 during the briefing by the council on january this year, sergio de mello proposed the strengthening of the efficiency of civilian police for the disposal of civilian police.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 the number of young people about 19 per cent of the population of africa is expected to increase.
 at the same time, hong kong and some developing countries have become more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 in a typical consumers, one typical consumers of the united states spends more hours to watch 150000 advertisements.
 i believe it is necessary to bear in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is multi-tastrophic.
 this is the subject of a variety of topics.
 the office of internal oversight services urges the department of disarmament to contribute financial commitment to the new political will emerging from the new political will.
 in our financial position, our financial position is lucky than that, so i absolutely do not think there should be any danger.
 the last time bin laden's image was last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy, azawah, was frequently " lens ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of a state of the rule of law.
 this council has set up a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction plan (" the working party ").
 mr martin lee said that the government has not replied on the matter. "
 in the day before the show, hu nai-tai's name is a simple one before the performance of the national music scholar.
 the gross surplus of the business service industry rose by 17.2%, a 1 percentage point higher than in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children hold the dominant position in society and children need to receive care.
 the bosnian serb forces have escalated the evolving escalation of the civilian population and there are daily deaths on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a period of two-week survey during a period of two-week survey visits, the overall response rate was 90%.
 when the chickens were transported to the market, the chicken had been tested and tested through tests and blood tests.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether the executive board continued to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone is an area of approximately 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres into iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children who are engaged in family service are for girls.
 the bureau has therefore developed a number of measures to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 visit to taiwan's 1 visit to taiwan is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station expects that the fog weather arrived before the arrival of the first cold front.
 the present section recalls the reasons that the right to food can be dealt with by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the ox refined was converted into taiwan.
 the criminal law and the criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions on the manufacture of weapons, which are engaged in arms-producing weapons, would contribute to compliance with the requirements for authorization.
 the government and the business sector has launched a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget was too large and that the federal budget could not be preserved.
 the hong kong ballet company will show the performance of the hong kong ballet company at the ceremony.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, ms shelley lee, said, " all along, hong kong has been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting was reported in the north-western part of abdullahid abdullahid, on the part of the taliban.
 the volume of data in computer systems and searchers is also easy to visit and other major issues related to the right to privacy.
 this document will include a voluntary member of the asean regional forum, indicating what major developments are perceived in the security situation and their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that the goods were handed over to us, but they were repeatedly delaying.
 the more late the implementation of the mpf system, the better the overall burden of the community.
 the committee was informed that the vehicles were replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda, which was uncomfortable.
 on the contrary, they tend to see the enemies of the people, as the enemy, and so on.
 the railway system is an integral part of the transport system in hong kong.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner of peacekeeping operations.
 i think this is my vote.
 by doing so, china is fully able to ensure that hong kong is a charter of the asset class.
 it appears that, despite the fact that the author had intended to use this procedure, they did not make use of it.
 therefore, the essence of this strategy is not to follow other people's ability to follow others.
 the adjudication process will be released in july.
 the work of johnson's works was early in 1940, and it has been over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill submitted to this council today has a major question, that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after los angeles, shaffin arrived in the united states after los angeles, new zealand arrived in the united states on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy also highly dependent on the energy resources, in particular natural gas production and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics did not adequately reflect the size of the problem.
 therefore, we need to choose different places of land in the light of needs in different areas.
 with the opening of economic reforms in 1978, china's exchange rate system had long become chaos.
 in the shanghai forum, a bishke group was established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental bases have changed.
 we will continue to advise young people on the health of young people, and should not abuse any abuse of health. "
 some of the results are as follows: apart from religious books, in social research, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and readings of women.
 the total cost of this year's total income is $ 102500, which was nearly 24% from $ 8255 in the previous year.
 these provisions should be invoked and discussed with china.
 non-monetary items conducted by historical cost in other currencies are translated using the united nations operational rate of exchange at the date of the transaction.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental means of promoting respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have served the 2 largest ranking 2 in hong kong's best services in hong kong.
 after the incident, i understand that the doctor's friends also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " we need to revise amendments to reflect the latest land use proposed by the north-east port of north-east lantau.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations to stop at that stage.
 to achieve this purpose, member states need to pay their own assessed contributions on time, fairly and without conditions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind has lived in the fear of persistent nuclear dangers.
 he said that to resolve these problems, it was set up a cabinet for the chief executive.
 it is still in a position to wait until the end of 2003, and the longer the time the time will be done.
 no other group has been selected as a result.
 the conduct was comparable to that of serious violation of article 3 of the four geneva conventions.
 3. the summary of these financial statements should serve as a summary of the financial statements to the financial statements.
 within the south of yunnan, a number of locations in guangxi province will have heavy rains.
 on behalf of the comoros and the government of the comoros, i would like to express condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for the integration of donors in the framework of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau was chaired by anomann abdurman ( argentina) chair, the delegations of mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development to be placed in poverty-related strategies, planning, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is now conducting an average of about 70 examinations, which can accommodate about 30 000 candidates.
 after the culprits fled the victim to the employers, he disclosed the incident.
 authorities have declared today that today is a nation.
 for example, insects in phase iii has been completed, it was very late to keep up with the 1998 crop season.
 it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume of printing has been reduced by 30%.
